README.rst, before:

SDP Telescope State
===================

This is a client package that allows connection to the redis database that
stores telescope state information for the Science Data Processor. It operates
as a key/value store that timestamps incoming values and inserts them into an
ordered set (non-exclusive).

Keys are strings and values are arbitrary Python objects stored as pickles.
Keys can be declared as immutable, which turns them into attributes without
timestamps and with values that cannot be changed. Keys can be accessed using
attribute syntax or dict syntax.

Getting Started
---------------

You will need a recent version of redis installed (2.8.9 or newer).

macOS: ``brew install redis``
Ubuntu: source download and install is best

Then ``pip install redis`` and run a local ``redis-server``.

A Simple Example
----------------

.. code:: python

  import time
  import katsdptelstate

  # Connect to an actual redis server
  telstate = katsdptelstate.TelescopeState('localhost:6379')
  # Or use a fake redis instance (key/values stored in memory, useful for testing)
  telstate = katsdptelstate.TelescopeState()
  # Load dump file into redis if katsdptelstate is installed with [rdb] option
  telstate.load_from_file('dump.rdb')

  # Attribute / dict access returns the latest value
  telstate.add('n_chans', 32768)
  print(telstate.n_chans)
  print(telstate['n_chans'])

  # List all keys (attributes and sensors)
  telstate.keys()

  # Everything is actually timestamped underneath
  st = time.time()
  telstate.add('n_chans', 4096)
  et = time.time()
  telstate.add('n_chans', 16384)
  # Time ranges can be used and are really fast
  telstate.get_range('n_chans', st=st, et=et)
  # Add an item 10 seconds back
  telstate.add('n_chans', 1024, ts=time.time() - 10)

  # This attribute cannot be changed, only deleted
  telstate.add('no_change', 1234, immutable=True)
  # Adding it again is OK as long as the value doesn't change
  telstate.add('no_change', 1234, immutable=True)
  # Will raise katsdptelstate.ImmutableKeyError
  telstate.add('no_change', 456)

Commit message:

PR fixes
Improve documentation and remove cargo from setup.py.

README.rst, after:

MeerKAT Science Data Processor Telescope State
==============================================

This is a client package that allows connection to the Redis database that
stores telescope state information for the Science Data Processor of the
MeerKAT radio telescope.

The Redis database acts as a key-value store. Each key is either a *sensor* or
an *attribute*. A sensor has multiple timestamped values organised into an
ordered set. An attribute (or *immutable* key) has a single value without a
timestamp that is not allowed to change.

The keys are strings and values are arbitrary Python objects stored as pickles.
Keys can be accessed using attribute syntax or dict syntax.

.. warning:: The standard warning about Python pickles apply.
   The pickle module is not secure against erroneous or maliciously constructed
   data. Never unpickle data received from an untrusted or unauthenticated
   source.

Getting Started
---------------

You will need a relatively recent version of redis installed (2.8.9 or newer).

macOS: ``brew install redis``
Ubuntu: ``apt-get install redis-server``

Then ``pip install katsdptelstate`` and run a local ``redis-server``.

A Simple Example
----------------

.. code:: python

  import time
  import katsdptelstate

  # Connect to an actual redis server
  telstate = katsdptelstate.TelescopeState('localhost:6379')
  # Or use a fake redis instance (key/values stored in memory, useful for testing)
  telstate = katsdptelstate.TelescopeState()
  # Load dump file into redis if katsdptelstate is installed with [rdb] option
  telstate.load_from_file('dump.rdb')

  # Attribute / dict style access returns the latest value
  telstate.add('n_chans', 32768)
  print(telstate.n_chans)
  print(telstate['n_chans'])

  # List all keys (attributes and sensors)
  telstate.keys()

  # Sensors are timestamped underneath
  st = time.time()
  telstate.add('n_chans', 4096)
  et = time.time()
  telstate.add('n_chans', 16384)
  # Time ranges can be used and are really fast
  telstate.get_range('n_chans', st=st, et=et)
  # Add an item 10 seconds back
  telstate.add('n_chans', 1024, ts=time.time() - 10)

  # Attributes cannot be changed (only deleted)
  telstate.add('no_change', 1234, immutable=True)
  # Adding it again is OK as long as the value doesn't change
  telstate.add('no_change', 1234, immutable=True)
  # Will raise katsdptelstate.ImmutableKeyError
  telstate.add('no_change', 456)
